Revise Introducting and sketch philosophy (#47)
nikomatsakis/a-mir-formality: docs/docs/intro.md

**A MIR Formality** (or just Formality) is an early-stage experimental project that aims to be
a complete, authoritative formal model of the [Rust MIR][].
The project has two goals.

> First, the models of Rust's MIR given by Formality's will serve as a complete model of _safe Rust_.
> including all static checks and operational semantics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, the models of Rust's MIR given by Formality's will serve as a complete model for Rust's, 
including both its type checking rules (what programs are accepted) and semantics (what happens when you run them on an idealized machine).
```

I think we eventually aim to include more than just safe Rust!
